Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the 
United States of America in Congress assembled
THAT 	(A) SUBTITLE A OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE IS AMENDED
TO READ AS FOLLOWS: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE
This act may be cited as the “Tax And Share Act of [Current Year].”
SUBTITLE A—INCOME TAXES
Chapter 1. Computation of taxable income.
Chapter 2. Determination of tax liability.
Chapter 3. Exempt organizations.
Chapter 4. Withholding.
Chapter 5: Tax Rate.
Chapter 6: The Share. 
CHAPTER 1. COMPUTATION OF TAXABLE INCOME
Sec. 101. Compensation defined.
Sec. 102. Business receipts defined.
Sec. 103. Cost of business inputs defined.
Sec. 104. Cost of capital equipment, structures, and land defined.
Sec. 105. Business taxable income defined.
Sec. 101. Compensation defined
(a) In general. Compensation means all cash amounts paid by an 
employer or received by an employee, including wages, pensions, 
bonuses, prizes, and awards.
(b) Certain items included. Compensation includes
(1) The cash equivalent of any financial instrument conveyed to 
an employee, measured as market value at the time of conveyance
(2) Workman’s compensation and other payments for injuries or 
other compensation for damages
(c) Certain items excluded. Compensation excludes
(1) Reimbursements to employees by employers for business 
expenses paid by the taxpayer in connection with performance by 
him or her of services as an employee
(2) Goods and services provided to employees by employers, 
including but not limited to medical benefits, insurance, meals, 
housing, recreational facilities, and other fringe benefits
(3) Wages, salaries, and other payments for services performed 
outside the United States
Sec. 102. Business receipts defined
Business receipts are the receipts of a business from the sale or 
exchange of products or services produced in or passing through the 
United States. Business receipts include
(1) Gross revenue, excluding sales and excise taxes, from the sale of 
goods and services
(2) Fees, commissions, and similar receipts, if not reported as 
compensation
(3) Gross rents
(4) Royalties
(5) Gross receipts from the sale of plant, equipment, and land
(6) The market value of goods, services, plant, equipment, or land 
provided to its owners or employees
(7) The market value of goods, services, and equipment delivered 
from the United States to points outside the United States, 
if not included in sales
(8) The market value of goods and services provided to depositors, 
insurance policyholders, and others with a financial claim upon the 
business, if not included in sales
Sec. 103. Cost of business inputs defined
(a) In general. The cost of business inputs is the actual cost of
purchases of goods, services, and materials required for business 
purposes.
(b) Certain items included. The cost of business inputs includes
(1) The actual amount paid for goods, services, and materials, 
whether or not resold during the year
(2) The market value of business inputs brought into the 
United States
(3) The actual cost, if reasonable, of travel and entertainment 
expenses for business purposes
(c) Certain items excluded. The cost of business inputs excludes 
purchases of goods and services provided to employees or owners, 
unless these are included in business receipts.
Sec. 104. Cost of capital equipment, structures, and land defined
The cost of capital equipment, structures, and land includes any 
purchases of these items for business purposes. In the case of equipment 
brought into the United States, the cost is the market value at the time of 
entry into the United States.
Sec. 105. Business taxable income defined
Business taxable income is business receipts less the cost of business 
inputs, less compensation paid to employees, and less the cost of capital 
equipment, structures, and land.
Chapter 2. Determination of Tax Liability
Sec. 201. Personal allowances.
Sec. 202. Compensation tax.
Sec. 203. Business tax.
Sec. 201. Personal allowances
No persons or businesses shall receive any personal allowance to 
adjust their taxable income except as provided for in Chapter 1. 
Sec. 202. Compensation tax
Each individual employed at any time during the year will pay a tax 
rate of {TR} percent of his compensation, with {TR} to be defined in Chapter 5.
Sec. 203. Business tax
(a) Business defined. Each sole proprietorship, partnership, and 
corporation constitutes a business. Any organization or individual not 
specifically exempt under chapter 3, with business receipts, is a 
business.
(b) Computation of tax. Each business will pay a tax rate of {TR} 
percent of its business taxable income or zero if business taxable income 
is negative.
(c) Filing units. A business may file any number of business tax 
returns for its various subsidiaries or other units, provided that all 
business receipts are reported in the aggregate and provided that each 
expenditure for business inputs is reported on no more than one return.
(d) Carry forward of losses. When business taxable income is 
negative, the negative amounts may be used to offset positive taxes in 
future years. The amount carried forward from one year to the next is 
augmented according to an interest rate equal to the average daily yield 
on three-month Treasury Bills during the first year. There is no limit to 
the amount or the duration of the carry forward.
CHAPTER 3. EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS
Sec. 301. Exempt organizations
Organizations exempt from the business tax are
(1) State and local governments, and their subsidiary units
(2) Educational, religious, charitable, philanthropic, cultural, and 
community service organizations that do not return income to individual 
and corporate owners
CHAPTER 4. WITHHOLDING
Sec. 401. Withholding
Each employer, including exempt organizations, will withhold from 
the wages, salaries, and pensions of its employees and remit to the 
Internal Revenue Service an amount computed as follows: {TR} percent of 
the excess of compensation in each pay period over the employee’s 
annual personal allowance, prorated for the length of the pay period. 
Every employee will receive a credit against tax for the amount 
withheld.
CHAPTER 5. TAX RATE
Sec. 501. Tax Rate 
Upon enactment, the TAX RATE shall be designated {TR} and the Office 
of Management and Budget shall set {TR} at:
TAX RATE  = {TR}  = CURRENT EFFECTIVE TAX RATE + SHARE TAX RATE
where:
CURRENT EFFECTIVE TAX RATE = Previous Year’s Total Income Tax 
Receipts / Previous Years Total Personal & Corporate Income
and:
SHARE TAX RATE = ADDED COST OF THE SHARE / Previous Year’s 
Total Personal & Corporate Income. 
Where:
ADDED COST OF THE SHARE = ( 0.1μ%GDP × Number of 
Citizens to receive The Share) - Cost of Federal 
Programs Eliminated by The Share
where:
Cost of Federal Programs Eliminated by the Share = 
Total of Mandatory and Discretionary spending 
programs where eligibility will be eliminated by the 
income provided by The Share. 
and:
Number of Citizens to Receive the Share = The 
population of citizens between the age of 18 who are 
not fully vested in Social Security Benefits as of the 
enactment of this law. 
At the beginning of each following year, the Office of Management 
and Budget shall calculate the ADJUSTMENT RATE, designated as {AR}, as: 
ADJUSTMENT RATE = {AR}  = 0.1  × ( Federal Budget Deficit / GDP) .
At the beginning of each year, the Office of Management and Budget 
shall calculate the new Tax Rate {TR}: 
{TR}(NEWYEAR) = {TR}(OLDYEAR} + {AR}(NEWYEAR) .
CHAPTER 6. THE SHARE
Sec. 601. The Share 
(a) Upon enactment, the Internal Revenue Service will pay The Share 
to all United States Citizens older than the age of 18 who are not fully 
vested in Social Security benefits. The Share may be denoted as 1 {SH}, or 
{SH}, 1 Share, and is defined as: 
1 {SH} = 0.1μ%GDP
(b) The Share shall be paid twice monthly. 
(c) The Share is non-transferrable and may not be inherited.
(d) Amounts of The Share which are unclaimed after a year will be 
forfeited. 
AND THAT	(B) THE AMENDMENT MADE BY THIS SECTION SHALL 
APPLY to TAXABLE YEARS BEGINNING AFTER {Date 
of Enactment}
